Revert removal of polling true (#37000)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftDefenderAdvancedThreatProtection/ReleaseNotes/1_16_41.md

#### Integrations

##### Microsoft Defender for Endpoint

> - Fixed an issue with the polling of multiple commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue when reaching API rate limit, where the retry later mechanism failed to run for all commands.
```
